TZipBuilder, for Borland C++ Builder version 1, 3 and 4
Version 1.60
by Chris Vleghert, cvleghrt@worldonline.nl


TZipBuilder is a translation of TZipMaster from Delphi to C++.
It is functionally identical in every way possible, but it has 
been coded in C++ to make it easier for C++ users to understand 
and modify.

I am going to use the term "BCB" to mean "Borland C++ Builder".

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Before You Start
----------------
You need to copy the redistributable modules to your desired
directory on your development computer.  

Copy \ZipBeta\dll\*.DLL to your Windows System directory.
Copy \ZipBeta\sfx\*.BIN to your Windows System directory.


Installation
------------

This is one of the biggest freeware software releases for C++Buider and
Delphi.  To get going quickly and correctly, please follow these
instructions.  Read them over once before starting.  If you don't
understand a step, get help before you start the install!


1.  You MUST install this package on a computer that has BCB.
    
2.  The VCLs included with this release are:
      TZipBuilder - the main ZIP support VCL
                    (used by CDemo1)
      TSortGrid   - a very handy descendant from TStringGrid
                    (used by CDemo1)

    The files required to support these VCLs are located in the
    VCL subdirectory.  You have two choices for how to proceed
    (option A is recommended):

      A) add the directory C:\ZipBeta\VCL to your VCL search path
                             or
      B) copy the files in C:\ZipBeta\VCL to another directory
         already in your VCL search path

    If you want to use option A, the instructions for this are
    included below.  If you want option B, then please copy those
    files now.
  

3.  Install the two VCLs in C++ Builder:

    This procedure will install the VCLs into the IDE.  After
    this, you will be able to see them on the "Components" tab.

      a) Select the "Component...Install" choice from the menu.

      b) Click on the Add button.
      c) Click on the Browse button.
      d) Select the path and filename of where the ZipBuilder.cpp 
         file is located. 
      e) Add the path where ZipBuilder.cpp is located to the
         Searchpath       (eg:  ;$(BCB)\YourPath  )
      f) Click on OK.  The component library will rebuild.
         If you have "warnings" enabled, you can get lots
         of warning messages not related to this new package.
         Ignore these.

      g) Click on the Add button.
      h) Click on the Browse button.
      i) Select the path and filename of where the SORTGRID.PAS 
         file is located.
      j) Click on OK.  The component library will rebuild.
         If you have "warnings" enabled, you can get lots
         of warning messages.  Ignore these.


   If something went wrong:

     There is some instability in the code that builds
     the VCL library for version 1 of CBuilder. This is a
     manageable problem as long as you are aware of it.

     You must always keep a good copy of your component
     library on a floppy disk (or another hard disk directory)
     for safe keeping.  Sometimes, problems during the build
     of the VCL library can cause it to be corrupted, which
     then prevents CBuilder from even starting.

     The Component Library file is named 'CMPLIB32.CCL' and
     the Options file 'CMPLIB32.OPT'. These are in the 'bin'
     subdirectory under the main CBuilder directory.
  
     If the component library becomes corrupted, restore
     the automatic copy made by BCB of "CMPLIB32.CCL", named
     CMPLIB32.~CC and delete the temporary files in that
     directory: CMPLIB32.I* and CMPLIB32.TDS.  Now, go back
     into CBuilder and fix the problem that caused the library
     to become corrupted. (Just recompiling will probably enough).
     Sometimes it is also neccesary to restore the old version
     of 'CMPLIB32.OPT' Named: 'CMPLIB32.~OP'.
 
     If you have corrupted the automatic backup files BCB make
     you should restore them with your own saved versions.



                       C++ BUILDER HELP

Installation
------------
1) Copy ZipHelp.hlp and ZipHelp.cnt from \ZipBeta\Help
   to BCB's help directory.

2) In BCB's HELP subdirectory, edit BCB.cnt and add the
   following two lines to the appropriate sections in this 
   small file:
   :Index ZipBuilder Component Help=ZipHelp.hlp
   :include ZipHelp.cnt

3) If you want to see the component in the bookshelf, then:
   Edit BCBMain.cnt and add the following line:
   :include ZipHelp.cnt

4) Delete the *.FTS and *.GID files from the BCB Help
   subdirectory. This can be done easily from Explorer. 
   Make sure BCB is NOT running when you do this.
   If you want to do it from an MS-DOS prompt:
   C> del *.GID
   C> del *.FTS

5) The next time you use BCB's Help feature, it'll say
   "preparing help file for first use".  This is when it
   is rebuilding the .GID files to include the new Help topics.
   The next time you do a full text search in Help, it'll rebuild
   *.FTS files.

You now have context-sensitive help on the TZipBuilder
component inside the BCB IDE!


                       C++ BUILDER DEMO

Installation
------------
1.  The CDemo directory has two sub directories one for BCB1
    specific files and one for BCB3. The files that are common
    to both environments are in the CDemoX directory.
    To install a demo you have to copy the files from the sub
    directory BCB1 to the CDemoX directory. Sometimes you will
    be asked to overwrite an existing file this is NOT an error
    and you should confirm the question.

2.  Important:
    a) You have to set the include and library path in your project,
       not only for the demo's but also for new projects.
       1) Open a project.
       2) Select the "Options...Project" choice from the menu.
       3) Select the Directories/Conditionals tab.
       4) Add to 'include path': The path where ZipBuilder.h is located.
       5) Add to 'Library path': the path where ZipBuilder.obj is located.
       6) Click on the Ok button.
       7) Save your project.

    b) The ZipBuilder component uses a language resource file for
       error and warning messages. This file must be linked into
       your project. (i.e. in your project source file.)
       This file must contain a statement like:
          USERC( "..\ZipMsgUS.rc" );
       Where ..\ is the path to this resource file.
       (normaly the directory which also contains ZipBuilder.h etc.)
    	

                    DESCRIPTION OF DEMO PROJECT

    Demo1 is a native C++ Builder port of the Delphi Zip Demo 1.
    This is a very complete File Manager type of program that lets
    you create archives, view archives, extract files, etc.  It can
    also turn .zip files into .exe files (and vice-versa).


                  Deployment of Your Programs

Any program you write using this package will require the two 
DLLs: ZIPDLL.DLL and UNZDLL.DLL to be present of each user's
hard disk.  You should have your install procedures put these
files into the WINDOWS SYSTEM directory (which is named differently
on some systems - especially WinNT systems).  If that isn't 
possible, then you should put them into the same directory as 
your .EXE program that uses them.

Also, the ZipSFX.BIN module must be installed into the same
directory as the DLLs.  This module is only needed if your
application program needs to make .EXE archives.

IMPORTANT: Any .EXE archives you make with this package do
NOT need any supporting files on the end-user's computer!
This is very handy!

Of course, there are no distribution fees for the DLLs, or
any other part of the package.  This whole package is 
freeware, but does have some minor distribution restrictions
(mainly that you can't profit from the ZIP DLLs, and you need
to document where users can get source code).  Please see 
\zip\README.TXT for these restrictions.
    

Chris Vleghert, cvleghrt@worldonline.nl